Cloud Platform (#64)
OctopusDeploy/Architecture: CloudPlatform/Testing.md

# Summary # 

Cloud Platform is a glue that connects several external services (Azure SQL, Azure Storage Account, Azure Kubernetes Service, Better Uptime, Seq, SumoLogic, etc.). End to end (E2E) tests have been so far the most reliable way to ensure that this glue works. This is why Cloud Portal so heavily relies on them.

# Details #

> Cloud Portal uses different types of tests (unit, integration, end to end (E2E))) to make sure the code we ship is rock solid. That being said, we rely on E2E tests much more than what one would find in other apps.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloud Portal uses different types of tests (unit, integration, end to end (E2E)) to make sure the code we ship is rock solid. That being said, we rely on E2E tests much more than what one would find in other apps.  
```

> Most of the code in Cloud Portal makes sure that Cloud Platform is configured correctly and that is scales with the changing demands. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the code in Cloud Portal makes sure that Cloud Platform is configured correctly and that it scales with the changing demands. 
```

> We could mock API calls to external systems and call it a day because our code is tested and everything should be fine. Overtime, we've learnt that external services are built by people like us :) and are from being perfect. E.g. APIs change without any notice, API's runtime characteristics change (e.g. a race condition is introduced, a successful call doesn't guarantee that a resources has been updated) and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We could mock API calls to external systems and call it a day because our code is tested and everything should be fine. Over time, we've learnt that external services are built by people like us :) and are from being perfect. E.g. APIs change without any notice, API's runtime characteristics change (e.g. a race condition is introduced, a successful call doesn't guarantee that a resource has been updated), and so on.
```

This means that we play the QA role for some of our providers but this is what what we are willing to do to provide our customers with as good service as we can. Most of the time, "Sorry, we you can't deploy because an external service we use to monitor our Cloud Instances is not reliable" is not a good enough answer. And yes, we can't do much when the whole Azure goes down :), at least not yet. So far we have found critical bugs in Azure SQL, AKS, Better Uptime which the product teams have fixed.

Also, some complex changes, e.g. to networking, can only be tested in a fully functional system.

> We are trading slower delivery for increased reliability. Octopus Cloud has become a critical part of the infrastructure for some of our customers and we don't want to disappoint them.  Octopus Cloud might not be as critical as a database (e.g. SQL Server) of a critical application but it gets there every time one of our customers needs to ship a critical fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're deliberately trading slower delivery for increased reliability. Octopus Cloud has become a critical part of the infrastructure for some of our customers and we don't want to disappoint them. For example, when our customers need to ship an urgent security fix, we want their cloud instance to be running and their deployments to succeed. 
```
